Hello and welcome.
My name is Steven Greider and I'm going to be taking over for cold for part two on this course.
Congratulations on making it this far.
Hopefully you've had fun so far and you're ready to keep learning a lot more about JavaScript.
And right away I want to tell you that part two of this course is going to be a little bit different
than part one in part one you were learning a lot of different individual topics around javascript.
You were really focused on the basic features of the language so understanding things like objects classes
functions and so on.
And you were in general not building a lot of larger apps.
So in part two we're really going to change the structure of the core significantly and we're going
to have a very different structure.
So in part two we're going to be covering your topics but every topic that we do cover is going to be
in way greater detail.
So this is where you're going to really get to apply all of your newfound javascript skills.
In addition we're going to have a lot more focus on design patterns and some more advanced concepts
and features of javascript.
So this is a lot more about building larger applications and really giving you some experience and confidence
in building your own apps unless Lessing want to mention is that as we go through this second part of
the course for all these different apps we build we're going to be doing a lot of refactoring the idea
here is that I want to show you for every app several different ways to approach any given problem.
I don't want to show you just one way and say this is it.
This is the only way to build this application.
Instead I want to give you a tool box that you can use and a toolbox different skills to build your
own apps.
So now that we have a better idea of what we're going to be doing inside of part two.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
We're going to come back the next video and start to discuss the first application that we're going
to be working on.